Q:Some people think that children get a better education if they study away from home at a
boarding school. Others believe it is better for them to stay with their families and attend day
school.
Discuss both these points of view and give your opinion.


Brainsrorm:
+1. In bording school children have to solve not only educational tasks but also improve their general problem solving skill
-2. As a parent you cannot be sure that your child will not get into 'bad company' or face unnecessary problem which will 
negatively influece his educational process.
+3. Attending day school it's easier to concentrate on education itself because child stays in comfortable home environment.

Scope: education, boarding school, day school

A:

It's undoubtedly true that there is no single way for good education. Indeed, different people learn better if they study in 
environment different from their home setting, others on the other hand are more productive attending school on the daily 
basis. The question of choosing the right type of school has been the subject of intense debates because both boarding and day
schools have their pros and cons. In this essay I shall explain my personal view by analyzing main advantages of both kinds of 
schools.
There are some reasons why it's argued that education away from home is more effective. And the strongest supporting argument 
will be development of general problem solving skill. By saying that people usually mean necessity of student to solve a lot of
different problems during his or her education, which are not necessarily connected with education process itself. And by 
stepping through and resolving all these different kinds of issues, student inevitably will become better educated.
Nevertheless, attending day school have it's own supporters. For those, who prefer staying with their families and friends 
during education, major advantage is a chance to concentrate on learning process itself without adaptation in new, unknown 
environment. One of the keys for successful education is motivation and these people keep this feeling with the support from 
the friends and family.
In conclusion, it's clear that there are strong arguments in support of both sides of this discussion. My personal opinion is 
that it's better to get out of comfort zone and attend boarding school, or at least try it.

