Q:
In the past, buildings often reflected the culture of a society but today all modern buildings look alike and cities throughout the world are becoming more and more similar. What do you think is the reason for this, and is it a good or bad thing?

A:
It's undoubtedly true that at the beginning of the last century buildings illustrated cultural peculiarity better than today. Indeed, nowadays cities are losing their individuality and uniqueness of local architecture under the pressure of civilization development. In this essay, I will explain my point of view on the possible reasons of this situation and what drawbacks and possible benefits it has.

There are some evident reasons why today we can speak about similarity in civil architecture of different cities. The most notable argument in favor of the loosing of cultural identity is the globalization. Contemporary methods of building allow to reduce costs and to make new buildings safer than they used to be. Successful projects are well known and quickly sprawling across builders around the globe. To minimize risks, utilize modern materials and cut the spendings on a project development more and more builders come to an idea of using case studies of their foreign colleagues.

Many people believe that buildings unification as many others aspects of globalization have nothing but negative effects, however they tend to forget about positive effects that this situation brings to our society. In contrast to building companies, benefits for community is are not so obvious. First of all, time-honored patterns and practices of building can guarantee us that modern high-rise buildings would last longer and would be safe for a living.
Secondly, if you're a builder and have to move to another city of even a county, you may apply your education and experience to adapt to local building standards and stay in the profession without necessity of re-education.

In conclusion, these arguments demonstrate that despite the fact that our cities lose their cultural identity during buildings' unification across the cities throughout the world, our society still can benefit from it.
