Q:
Students at universities often have a choice of places to live. They may choose to live in university dormitories, or they may choose to live in apartments in the community. Compare the advantages of living in university housing with the advantages of living in an apartment in the community.

A:
  It's undoubtedly true that students facing a problem of choosing a place to live during their education. Indeed, before getting down to studying any student has to choose either he or she would stay in a hostel, or it would be better to rent an apartment. While it's possible to claim that dormintory as a part of any campus is the best possible choise, there are opponents who believe that university housing' drawbacks overweight it's benefits. In this essay, supporting statements of both options will be explained.

	There are some reasons why it may be argued that hostel could be appropriate place to live for a student. First of all, because university housings are located in a campus, student waste less time on the road to classes and back. Another point is that it's easier to find a help with the lessons staing in the dormitories being surrounded by other students. And the last, but not the least argument is a cheaper prise which student paying for living in university housing comparing to an apartments in the community. For most of the students which I know, this was actually a key factor, when they made their choise.

	On the other hand, the most convincing argument in favour of the renting an apartment is that it brings more comfort in the student's life offering freedom of choosing surroundings and personal schedule. Secondly, this type of living assists in developing of the general problem solving skills, just because the veriety of possible issues will be wider, spanning from finding nearest loundry to broken refrigerator.

	In conclusion, it's clear that there are strong arguments in support of both sides of this discussion. My personal opinion is that unless local apartments are not affordable, it's better to focus on self development during education by choosing to rent a flat.
