MODEL:

Entering Paragraph
  Background statement - general information about topic of essay
	Detailed backgroung statement
	Thesis - what we are tring to prove
	Outline - what we will be speaking about in SP1 and SP2

Supporting paragraph 1
	Topic - subject which support out thesis.
	Example - real life example to support topic.
	Discussion - links example to the topic.
	Conclusion - supporting statement for those who agree with topic

Supporting paragraph 2
	[||]

Conclusion paragraph
	Summary of topic 1 & 2 analized
	Re-statement of my point of view
	Prediction or recomendation


EXAMPLE
Q: Technology may replace teachers in the classroms. Do you agree?
A:

	Technology has been increasingly used throughout the world. This is very apparent in classrooms today. It is disagreed that technology will replace teachers in the classroom. This will be proven by analyzing how teachers can cater to the needs of the students as well as motivate and discipline them.

	A very important aspect of teaching is the ability of the teacher to shape their teaching style to the needs of their students. As an example, if students in any given class are having trouble understanding a classroom topic, the teacher can rephrase the topic and deliver it in a more effective way. A computerized teacher would be less in-tune with what students require and thus would be incapable of doing this. As a result, technology will not replace teachers.

	Motivation and discipline are key to a student's academic success in the classroom. This is a very apparent when teaching children as children require more motivation and discipline to be taught effectively. A technology-based teacher simply can not accomplish this as certain situation reuire judgement as to whether a student is acting in an inappropriate manner. After analizing this, it is clear that teachers will always will be needed in the classroom.


	Following the analization of a teacher's ability to cater to students as well as their capability of guiding students towards success, it is clear that technology will never replace teachers in the classroom. Further, it is expected will act as supplement to teachers and aid them in instructing their pupils.
